you have a student aid Bill of Rights
that something you're very passionate
about because it wasn't so long ago that
you were still paying off a phantom
loans absolutely and look I was in
Georgia Tech earlier this week and
talked to a big crowd of students about
this and I suspect there's some folks in
the audience who were concerned about
this as well we have everybody
understands that the economy is now
based on your skills your knowledge and
the reason America ended up becoming the
economic superpower that we did was
because we were the first to have
universal public high schools and we had
the GI Bill and so we had the best
trained workforce and young people
understand that the problem is it's also
becoming more and more expensive and so
what we've said is in addition to the
work we've already done to make student
loans cheaper to expand Pell grants to
set up a repayment program so that young
people who want to go into teaching or
some other helping profession aren't
priced out of it because they've got to
pay off student loans we there are other
things that we could do to lower costs
and we're asking people to sign up for
what we're calling a student aid Bill of
Rights to take a series of steps
colleges state legislators Congress all
to work to make sure that college is
more affordable and one of the things
we're doing is proposing the first two
years of Community College should be
free for everybody because it should be
we can do
include business include people who have
existing student loans well one of the
things that we're doing there is to try
to help them refinance because a lot of
them take out loans let's say 15 years
ago when interest rates were a lot
higher and the same way that you should
be able to refinance your mortgage and
lower your costs you should be able do
that was do define it and right now a
lot of student loans don't allow a lot
of the rules don't allow you to refine
Wow I did not know that
there you go see hang around me you'll
learn okay but you won't let me hang
around you because you have all these
Secret Service guys all the time I can
be very annoying
well happy love awesome we'll have to
Pat you down for have you uh oh well
that's nice
hi I'm Jimmy Kimmel are you sad that the
video is over well subscribe to our
YouTube channel and you will never be
sad again ever